GIT NOTE
Git is a distributed version control system that helps IT teams 
collaborate on a project. It is also a version contol system that keeps
track and update code. It is also a source code managment tool that 
helps keep track of different version of application source code.

Project Repository: This is the repository or storage system that holds
an entire project application code. It also holds the Master/Main Branch
and other other branches that supports code update.
Note: By default, a repository comes with a Master/Main Branch 

Branching Systems:
The branching system is setup to keep track of changes and modifications 
NUMBER ONE BRANCH IS THE MAIN OR MASTER BRANCH, every oother branches
get created as needed for code update. 

git clone is used to clone your curent repository 
git init is used to initialized an empty project repository 
git add is used to move your update form the working area to staging area
git status is used to check the status of your update or files added
git commit is used to take your changes from the staging area into your 
            your local repository. 
git push is used to push your changes into the remote repository 
git pull is used to update your current branch 
git branch -l is used to list branches and show current branch 
git checkout is used to switch and create new branches

Forking:
A fork is a copy of a repository. Forking a repository allows you to freely experiment with changes without affecting the original project. 

README file: This is where you can write a long description for your project
                      JIRA TICKETTING PLATFORM
TASK 1                      
TICKET TITLE: Create Terraform template for 2 ec2 instaces
TICKET ID: IIP-1234
TICKET DESCRIPTION: use amzon linux ami 
                     create resource in us-east-1
Assigned to: Lolu
Reporter: Diya Moliki        

TASK 2                     
TICKET TITLE: update README file 
TICKET ID: IIP-1357
TICKET DESCRIPTION: Things to do:
                    1. Design an architectural diagram 
                    2. Create a proof of concept 
                    3. Do a Demo
Assigned to: Lolu
Reporter: Diya Moliki    


Git Story 
When starting a new project for a client ( put client name here) I created an organization on the Github.
I created a project (Fitness-App Project) in the organization  and also created a team with the right access and permission.
Having done that, I created the project repository which is where all our codes will be stored. As our Ticketing Platform (JIRA) is linked with Git, I makesure that each story has a proper naming convention with the ticket number attached to the branch name.
Also, I pull all changes into my local enviroment every morning and if there are needs to fork or clone a repository I do so. After finalizing my ticket, I follow a proper branching system by push my work branch to GitHub then create and assign a PULL REQUEST to a team member to review and approve the merge request of my work into the main branch. Finally if I need to update project documentation I do that on confluence. 
